aiekick/ImGuiFontStudio:GitHub Actions
AICAN-Research/FAST-Pathology:GitHub Actions
RespiraWorks/Ventilator:Circle CI,GitHub Actions
arfc/moltres:GitHub Actions
The-NextGen-Project/jet:GitHub Actions
Erriez/ErriezMHZ19B:GitHub Actions
flutils/flcleaner:GitHub Actions
RuiSiang/chatNT:GitHub Actions
fatkas/coverage-occlusion:GitHub Actions
CynxCode/OpenWcs:GitHub Actions
opensciencegrid/xrootd-lcmaps:Travis CI
UW-Madison-HEP/xrootd-hdfs:Travis CI
imcs-compsim/MIRCO:GitHub Actions
sciai-lab/fastfilters:Travis CI,AppVeyor
OpenWinch/OpenWinch-Cpp:GitHub Actions
shimo-lab/kadingir:Travis CI
cescalara/minieuso_cpu:GitHub Actions
Matt-and-Gib/gleemail:GitHub Actions
matgla/AquaLampWiFiModule:Travis CI
ameyakonk/Manipulator_IK_Solver:Travis CI
LizardByte/Sunshine:GitHub Actions
WasmEdge/WasmEdge:GitHub Actions
idea4good/GuiLite:GitHub Actions
uber-archive/pyflame:Travis CI
storax/kubedoom:GitHub Actions
ktock/container2wasm:GitHub Actions
weserv/images:GitHub Actions
hyperledger-archives/iroha:Jenkins
Netis/cloud-probe:GitHub Actions
brainboxdotcc/DPP:Circle CI,GitHub Actions
PaddlePaddle/Serving:Travis CI,GitHub Actions
venediktov/vanilla-rtb:Travis CI
glotzerlab/hoomd-blue:GitHub Actions
philres/ngmlr:Travis CI
azkadev/paas:GitHub Actions
azkadev/edge:GitHub Actions
games-on-whales/wolf:GitHub Actions
johnnian/Blog:GitHub Actions
PurritoBin/PurritoBin:GitHub Actions
weliveindetail/JitFromScratch:Travis CI
eth-cscs/sarus:GitLab CI,GitHub Actions
laoshanxi/app-mesh:GitHub Actions
NSPManager/NSPanelManager:GitHub Actions
TwinFan/LiveTraffic:GitHub Actions
scorum/scorum:Jenkins,GitHub Actions
kryptokrona/kryptokrona:GitHub Actions
Matts966/alphasql:GitHub Actions
astibal/smithproxy:Travis CI,GitHub Actions
f18m/cmonitor:Travis CI,GitHub Actions
jinay1991/spleeter:GitLab CI
tobozo/M5Tube:Travis CI
Sky360-Repository/sky360:GitHub Actions
psvsdk/psvsdk:Travis CI
laas/fire-rs-saop:Travis CI
leozz37/texugo:GitHub Actions
VSS-SDK/VSS-Vision:Travis CI
winternet/chord:Travis CI,Circle CI
nam20485/OdbDesign:GitHub Actions
nakane1chome/modern-cxx-riscv:GitHub Actions
prince-chrismc/user-management:GitHub Actions
johnfercher/boilerplate:Travis CI
szymonmaszke/numpp:Travis CI
opsxcq/arduino-temperature-monitor:GitLab CI
bensuperpc/GTA_SA_cheat_finder:GitHub Actions
Laiye-Tech/cryptpb:GitHub Actions
trep/opentrep:Travis CI,GitHub Actions
testillano/http2comm:GitHub Actions
testillano/h2agent:GitHub Actions
vndee/visee:GitHub Actions
mc-cat-tty/DoorbellCamDaemon:GitHub Actions
WQCG/blitzdg:Travis CI,AppVeyor
khassel/alexa_docker:Travis CI
VSS-SDK/VSS-Simulator:Travis CI
btschwertfeger/BiasAdjustCXX:GitHub Actions
supercontainers/isc-tutorial:Travis CI
AndreMor8/old-cppbot:GitHub Actions
brtmvdl/money:GitHub Actions
takanassyi/cpp-gtest-dev:GitHub Actions
VSS-SDK/VSS-Core:Travis CI
kshitizsaini113/Mutex-The-System-Metrics-Analyzer:Jenkins
tpiekarski/dockerized-restinio:Travis CI
initialed85/ros-kinetic-catkin-example:Jenkins
constructiverealities/cr-dai-tools:GitHub Actions
SKA-ScienceDataProcessor/integration-prototype:Travis CI
chussenot/docker-caps:Travis CI
VSS-SDK/VSS-Viewer:Travis CI
LuisEnMarroquin/cpp-actions:GitHub Actions
ErcinDedeoglu/WhisperDock:GitHub Actions
kaizoku-oh/zephyr-app-workspace:GitHub Actions
Vanilla-s-Lab/docper:GitHub Actions
i05nagai/docker-sandbox:Travis CI
kunstrasenspringer/precice_st:Travis CI
quarterfall/cloudcheck:GitHub Actions
real-tintin/ugglan:GitHub Actions
chalmers-revere/opendlv-device-camera-opencv:Travis CI
qoala101/stk:GitHub Actions
chrberger/cluon-livefeed:GitHub Actions
mirceanton/docker-ps-parser:GitHub Actions
Im-Rises/nbody-simulator-docker:GitHub Actions
gnu-enjoyer/Palantir:GitHub Actions
vre-hub/environments:GitHub Actions
dccarter/suil-archive:GitLab CI
chalmers-revere/opendlv.io:Travis CI
mirceanton/pifetch:GitLab CI,GitHub Actions
jinay1991/perception:GitLab CI
Trree/MiniCompleteProject:Travis CI,AppVeyor
deflinhec/gsx2jsonpp:GitHub Actions
bitcoincore-dev/miniscript-docker:GitHub Actions
kurotych/modern-cpp-lib:Travis CI
testillano/metrics:GitHub Actions
HenryChen-CH/Boost-Web-Server:Travis CI
frouioui/NanoTekSpice:Travis CI
VSS-SDK/VSS-Joystick:Travis CI
babak2/SearchTerm:GitHub Actions
youpong/cpp-sleep-sort:GitHub Actions
chrberger/cluon-record:GitHub Actions
chalmers-revere/opendlv-device-gps-pos:Travis CI
fangedhex/tinybooter:Travis CI,GitHub Actions
harith-alsafi/mcpp:GitHub Actions
SkypLabs/ble-micro-dockerfile:Travis CI
cornelcristea/bazel-prj:GitHub Actions
gobha-me/oci-tool:GitLab CI,GitHub Actions
jinay1991/planning:GitLab CI
kmarkindev/bsuir-cw-library:GitHub Actions
PiratesOnlineClassic/Astron:Travis CI,GitHub Actions
wozniakpl/sudoku-solver:GitHub Actions
karlheinzkurt/cpp-micro-service:Jenkins,GitHub Actions
createstructure/core-createstructure:GitHub Actions
chalmers-revere/opendlv-device-lidar-vlp16:Travis CI
chalmers-revere/opendlv-device-camera-v4l:Travis CI
xujintao/ratel:Travis CI
chalmers-revere/opendlv-device-lidar-hdl32e:Travis CI
BlankFoxGirl/cardinal-cpp:GitHub Actions
y4cer/snmp_driver_generator:GitHub Actions
nestal/hearty_rabbit:Travis CI
alec-glisman/Swimming-in-Potential-Flow:GitHub Actions
veedata/docker-rocksdb:GitHub Actions
pymor/docker:GitHub Actions
mpromonet/dockertest:Travis CI,Circle CI,AppVeyor,GitHub Actions,GitLab CI
sinecode/yasa:Travis CI
monotok/weatherStationPlus:GitLab CI
martineq/Basico-CPP:Travis CI
GongT/init:GitHub Actions
Andeo1812/MeetUp:GitHub Actions
dosisod/uzr:GitHub Actions
star-3gg/derek-banas-software-architecture:GitHub Actions
76-eddge/k8psh:GitHub Actions
Sharkbyteprojects/helloWorld-FAST-CGI-CXX:GitHub Actions
omicronrobot/robotSoftware:GitHub Actions
ashishkulkarnii/PES1UG20CS085_Jenkins:Jenkins
polishCurl/object_storage:GitHub Actions
F2I-Consulting/fetpapiServer:GitHub Actions
chalmers-revere/opendlv-device-gps-nmea:Travis CI
chalmers-revere/opendlv-device-ps3controller:Travis CI
CalvoM/httplib:GitHub Actions
milosz-barylowicz/Containers:GitHub Actions
macskas/DockerRunnerBasic:GitHub Actions
rdok/triple-x-game:GitHub Actions
cfanatic/cpp-exercises:Jenkins
plencka/familiar:GitHub Actions
nino-kin/weather-app:GitHub Actions
simonthorell/cpp-mqtt-sqlite:GitHub Actions
chalmers-revere/opendlv-device-gamepad:Travis CI
Andy9822/Instant-Messenger-Cpp:GitHub Actions
lelika1/foodculator:GitHub Actions
threadexio/sfsdb:GitHub Actions
winterbloooom/seurislam-pj:GitHub Actions
42milez/StarNetwork:Circle CI
krosf-university/AAED:Travis CI
smsraj2001/PES1UG20CS362_Jenkins:Jenkins
chrberger/cluon-relay:GitHub Actions
ipotqo/multifurcation:GitHub Actions
chalmers-revere/opendlv-device-gps-ncom:Travis CI
AnonN10/sf2hpp:GitHub Actions
Berny23/SEOS-CacheCleaner:GitHub Actions
filipe-marques/bit:Circle CI
AnonN10/best-pathtracer-ever:GitHub Actions
osameh15/MyPiggy:GitLab CI
alibaba/weex:Travis CI
Tencent/Hippy:GitHub Actions
flutter-webrtc/flutter-webrtc:GitHub Actions
eidheim/Simple-Web-Server:Travis CI
userver-framework/userver:GitHub Actions
treefrogframework/treefrog-framework:Travis CI,GitHub Actions,AppVeyor
neu-rah/ArduinoMenu:Travis CI
rbfx/rbfx:GitHub Actions
HerikLyma/CPPWebFramework:Travis CI
rodydavis/flutter_everywhere:GitHub Actions
yahoo/monitr:Travis CI
azkadev/webview_universal:GitHub Actions
azkadev/ntts:GitHub Actions
azkadev/telegram_bot_gratis:GitHub Actions
minikin/flutter-web-demo:GitHub Actions
Egyras/HeishaMon:GitHub Actions
YuriSizuku/OnscripterYuri:GitHub Actions
globalcorporation/global_bot_app:GitHub Actions
the-moisrex/webpp:Travis CI,GitLab CI,GitHub Actions
centricular/gstcefsrc:GitHub Actions
Yadoms/yadoms:GitHub Actions
avocadoboi/cpp20-http-client:GitHub Actions
ReimuNotMoe/Marisa:GitLab CI
marchdev-tk/cross_connectivity:GitHub Actions
BangTeng/kangle:Travis CI
ankoh/sqlynx:GitHub Actions
hotkit/fostgres:Travis CI,Circle CI
RipcordSoftware/libhttpserver:Travis CI
forceunited/force:Travis CI
luckyycode/neko-webframework:Travis CI
bebo-dot-dev/iD8266:Travis CI
LuaAndC/luawt:Travis CI
TokTok/btox:GitHub Actions
AlexZorzi/AnimeWorldApp:GitHub Actions
Navideck/universal_ble:GitHub Actions
ninpl/repos.cli:GitHub Actions
onecoolx/davinci:GitHub Actions
marchdev-tk/cross_local_storage:GitHub Actions
IoTDevice/ESP32-CAM:Travis CI
RandyLambert/ssxrver:Travis CI
r52/quasar:GitHub Actions
ElementAstro/Lithium:GitHub Actions
BayernMuller/libero:GitHub Actions
jatofg/nawa:GitHub Actions
sabikrahat/github_workflow_flutter_project:GitHub Actions
srinivasa-dev/ai-face-generator:GitHub Actions
kremius/cpp-board-engine:Travis CI
marchdev-tk/cross_share:GitHub Actions
warioddly/d-art:GitHub Actions
wasm-fmt/clang-format:GitHub Actions
RandyLambert/TTMS:Travis CI
hugglesfox/firestorm:Travis CI
watersalesman/BeastQuest:Travis CI
Ramirisu/fitoria:GitHub Actions
liudonghua123/flutter_app:GitHub Actions
jimmiebergmann/wepp:Travis CI
koreanddinghwan/nginx-like-webserv-using-kqueue:GitHub Actions
sticnarf/hane:Travis CI
dhvcc/booklette:GitHub Actions
IsD4n73/Battle-Shipper:GitHub Actions
JacobBorden/Websocket:GitHub Actions
StoneMonarch/flutter-ci-deployment:GitHub Actions
WebFrame/Core:GitHub Actions
MeydhiXploit/control4relayviaweb:GitHub Actions
lathoub/express:GitHub Actions
stephenxxxx/Basilisk:GitHub Actions
Aliebc/abxhttpd:GitHub Actions
rafa-br34/LangtonsAnt:GitHub Actions
jpcarrascal/HootBeat:GitHub Actions
ErlonBoechat/Algoritmos:GitHub Actions
WenzelArifiandi/raven:GitHub Actions
Prabhakar-Poudel/codeward:GitHub Actions