chocolatey/choco:GitHub Actions
Depressurizer/Depressurizer:GitHub Actions
larscom/xbox360-controller-manager:GitHub Actions
YoussofKhawaja/RocketLeagueGarage:GitHub Actions
alidevhere/certificate-generator:GitHub Actions
NagoDede/MarkSpecs:GitHub Actions
jcaillon/SoftwareUpdater:AppVeyor
Leo-Corporation/DayBar:GitHub Actions
PLAIF-dev/sw_oxy_plot_wpf_examples_dotnet7:GitHub Actions
praktii/BetterER:GitHub Actions
kostasgrevenitis/Codenception.StairwayPatternArchitecture:GitHub Actions,AppVeyor
bitwarden/server:GitHub Actions
dockersamples/example-voting-app:GitHub Actions
ivanpaulovich/clean-architecture-manga:GitHub Actions
Ombi-app/Ombi:GitHub Actions
testcontainers/testcontainers-dotnet:GitHub Actions
Dotnet-Boxed/Templates:GitHub Actions,AppVeyor
vietnam-devs/coolstore-microservices:Travis CI
PlummersSoftwareLLC/Primes:GitHub Actions
phongnguyend/Practical.CleanArchitecture:GitHub Actions
grandnode/grandnode:Travis CI,GitHub Actions
Webreaper/Damselfly:GitHub Actions
WireMock-Net/WireMock.Net:GitHub Actions
mariotoffia/FluentDocker:AppVeyor
zoriya/Kyoo:GitHub Actions
IoTSharp/IoTSharp:GitHub Actions,AppVeyor
chayxana/Restaurant-App:GitHub Actions
TheAxelander/OpenBudgeteer:GitHub Actions
GZTimeWalker/GZCTF:GitHub Actions
hamed-shirbandi/TaskoMask:GitHub Actions
fullstackhero/dotnet-microservices-boilerplate:GitHub Actions
bassmaster187/TeslaLogger:GitHub Actions
fals/cqrs-clean-eventual-consistency:GitHub Actions
yanpitangui/dotnet-api-boilerplate:GitHub Actions
sanjusss/aliyun-ddns:GitHub Actions
prom3theu5/aspirational-manifests:GitHub Actions
volodymyrsmirnov/MalwareMultiScan:GitHub Actions
thangchung/practical-dapr:GitHub Actions
microsoft/data-accelerator:GitHub Actions
cloudnative-netcore/netcorekit:AppVeyor
alugili/ModernArchitectureShop:GitHub Actions
ivanpaulovich/dotnet-new-caju:Travis CI
tomkerkhove/promitor:GitHub Actions
FirelyTeam/spark:GitHub Actions
azuredevcollege/trainingdays:GitHub Actions
stphnwlsh/CleanMinimalApi:GitHub Actions
fpanaccia/Wkhtmltopdf.NetCore-deprecated:GitHub Actions
ai-traders/liget:Travis CI
referbruv/ContainerNinja.CleanArchitecture:GitHub Actions
serverlessworkflow/synapse:GitHub Actions
brthor/Dockerize.NET:Travis CI
emberstack/docker-sftp:GitHub Actions
Kaliumhexacyanoferrat/GenHTTP:GitHub Actions
jihadkhawaja/Egroo:GitHub Actions
amoraitis/TodoList:Travis CI,GitHub Actions
changhuixu/dotnetlabs:GitHub Actions
meysamhadeli/booking-modular-monolith:GitHub Actions
Liu233w/acm-statistics:GitHub Actions
container-desktop/container-desktop:GitHub Actions
PiotrJustyna/road-to-orleans:GitHub Actions
garvincasimir/csharp-datatables-parser:Travis CI,GitHub Actions
netcorebcn/quiz:Jenkins
Inuyasha-Monster/User.API:GitLab CI
CodeMazeBlog/docker-series:Travis CI
thangchung/coffeeshop-on-nomad:GitHub Actions
fbarresi/SoftPlc:Travis CI,GitHub Actions
navtrack/navtrack:GitHub Actions
prometheus-net/docker_exporter:GitHub Actions
trungcaot/MsCoreOne:Travis CI,GitLab CI,GitHub Actions
OpenCodeFoundation/eSchool:GitHub Actions
haga-rak/fluxzy.core:GitHub Actions
LizardByte/Themerr-jellyfin:GitHub Actions
nforgeio/neonKUBE:GitHub Actions
MarcelMichau/fake-survey-generator:GitHub Actions
SapiensAnatis/Dawnshard:GitHub Actions
malikmasis/TelephoneDirectory:GitHub Actions
gayankanishka/graphql-clean-architecture:GitHub Actions
StardustDL/acblog:GitHub Actions
rastenis/netcore-postgres-oauth-boiler:Travis CI
senvardarsemih/generic-for-core:Travis CI,AppVeyor
byo-software/steam-openid-connect-provider:GitHub Actions
Erisa/Cliptok:GitHub Actions
AnyStatus/AnyStatus:GitHub Actions
baotoq/micro-commerce:GitHub Actions
IEvangelist/dotnet-github-actions-sdk:GitHub Actions
BlowaXD/SaltyEmu:GitLab CI
suxrobGM/logistics-app:GitHub Actions
kdcllc/Bet.AspNetCore:AppVeyor
aliasadidev/SixLaborsCaptcha:GitHub Actions
jeangatto/ASP.NET-Core-API-DDD-SOLID:GitHub Actions
drkno/PlexSSO:GitHub Actions
ldellisola/TraefikKobling:GitHub Actions
jbw/TooBigToFailBurgerShop:GitHub Actions
leandrocgsi/RestWithASP-NETUdemy:Travis CI
bcgov/PIMS:GitHub Actions
fullstackhub-io/StudentCourseManagement:GitHub Actions
ivaaak/.NET-RealEstate:GitHub Actions
DavidEggenberger/CrispyCollab:GitHub Actions
tylearymf/unihacker-docker:GitHub Actions
thinktecture-labs/cloud-native-sample:GitHub Actions
Sn0wCrack/saucybot-discord:GitHub Actions
apache/openwhisk-runtime-dotnet:GitHub Actions
boris1993/tiantang-auto-harvest:GitHub Actions
mehdihadeli/movie-search-application:GitHub Actions
GravityWolfNotAmused/PlayerCountDiscordBot:GitHub Actions
whyvra/tunnel:GitHub Actions
AMEST/Heimdallr:GitHub Actions
gbauso/GraphAPI:AppVeyor
ptr727/NxWitness:GitHub Actions
meysamhadeli/ecommerce-monolith:GitHub Actions
Seji64/LAPS-WebUI:GitHub Actions
sillsdev/appbuilder-portal:GitHub Actions
sahansera/DistributedCacheAspNetCoreRedis:GitHub Actions
automotiveMastermind/condo:Circle CI,AppVeyor
cvetomir-todorov/CecoChat:GitHub Actions
SaraRasoulian/DotNet-WebAPI-Sample:GitHub Actions
magicxor/Hikkaba:GitHub Actions
cake-build/docker:GitHub Actions
oskardudycz/NetCoreWithDocker:AppVeyor
jim60105/YoutubeLiveChatToDiscord:GitHub Actions
tomhobson/Sergen:GitHub Actions
micahmo/twitch2tuner:GitHub Actions
ILMTitan/FibDotNet:GitHub Actions
siemens/continuous-clearing:GitHub Actions
kdcllc/NetCore.HashiCorp.Vault:AppVeyor
perpetualintelligence/terminal:GitHub Actions
GUILHERMEPSANTOS/NerdStoreEnterprise:GitHub Actions
AntonioFalcaoJr/Dotnet5.Elasticsearch:GitHub Actions
leandro-cervelin/cf_api_net_core:GitHub Actions
smf33/InstagramFollowerBot:GitHub Actions
Yahya-rabii/GAP:GitHub Actions
ssdug/CVPZ:Travis CI,AppVeyor
sanjusss/backup2cloud:AppVeyor
darakeon/dfm:Circle CI,GitHub Actions
zimbres/UptimeKumaRemoteProbe:GitHub Actions
szyb/synopackage_dotnet:GitHub Actions
metalglove/Kwetter:GitHub Actions
rosenbjerg/nxplx:GitHub Actions
0x7c13/docker-gc:Travis CI
benmccallum/dotnet-references:GitHub Actions
mannkind/unifi2mqtt:GitHub Actions
felipementel/DEPLOY.Cachorro.Api:GitHub Actions
Ninchuga/AspNetMicroservicesShop:GitHub Actions
ax-meyer/SimpleMailArchive:GitHub Actions
felipementel/PotatoStore:GitHub Actions
AMEST/DotNetCertBot:GitHub Actions
solrevdev/blazor-on-vercel:GitHub Actions
VMelnalksnis/Gnomeshade:GitHub Actions
sanjyotagureddy/aspnetrun-microservices:GitHub Actions
eposgmbh/MicroservicesSample:Travis CI
vctr-sls/vctr:GitHub Actions
yedajiang44/GatewayBranch:GitHub Actions
gabe-santana/chariot:GitHub Actions
fhircast/sandbox:Travis CI
smf33/FlickrFollowerBot:GitHub Actions
fakoua/WinMan:Travis CI
contentful/the-example-app.csharp:Circle CI
ahmettugur/MinimalApiCleanArchitecture:GitHub Actions
naeemaei/MonitoringExample:GitHub Actions
okteto/aspnetcore-getting-started:GitHub Actions
Nfactor26/pixel-automation:GitHub Actions
Jellyfish-Insights/andromeda:GitHub Actions
courselabs/docker:GitHub Actions
dzimchuk/book-fast-containers:GitHub Actions
g12-4soat/tech-lanches:GitHub Actions
mthalman/DockerfileModel:GitHub Actions
sergioprates/kindxt:GitHub Actions
MirolimMajidov/Jobs:GitHub Actions
kdcllc/Bet.BuildingBlocks.SalesforceEventBus:AppVeyor
petabridge/Petabridge.App:GitHub Actions
stphnwlsh/CleanGraphQLApi:GitHub Actions
BLaZeKiLL/corgiai:GitHub Actions
MaxShoshin/ComposeTestEnvironment:GitHub Actions
FloatingMilkshake/MechanicalMilkshake:GitHub Actions
tw4/Coffee-Shop-Backend:GitHub Actions
kevinboss/port:GitHub Actions
jeremymaya/tiny-plants-eCommerce:GitHub Actions
apolzek/api-books-dotnet:GitHub Actions
managedcode/EnvironmentDetector:GitHub Actions
gldraphael/evlog:Travis CI
AKlaus/DbSample:GitHub Actions
Expense-Tracker-Team/portfolio-manager:GitHub Actions
austins/DiscordTranslationBot:GitHub Actions
merken/netCoreBuild:Jenkins
HMBSbige/Dawdler:GitHub Actions
armutcom/docker-dotnet-core-images:Travis CI
viniciusduartereis/Corporate-Chat:GitHub Actions,AppVeyor
BinaryStudioAcademy/bsa-2021-watchdog:GitHub Actions
nixgram/ZCommerce:GitHub Actions
erlonfs/gestao-escolar:Travis CI,Circle CI
walterpinson/reference-architecture-api:Travis CI,Circle CI
kamacharovs/aiof-auth:GitHub Actions
NhatTanVu/myalbum:AppVeyor
jeremymaya/herokufy-dotnet:GitHub Actions
tarathep/SagaECO:GitHub Actions
JohnyTomogavk/GlobalHub:GitHub Actions
mqsrr/CoffeeSpace:GitHub Actions
MacroPower/OmegaGraf:GitHub Actions
felipementel/MaterialRedis:GitHub Actions
MoonriseSoftwareCalifornia/Cosmos.Cms:GitHub Actions
shishnk/weather-bot-api:GitHub Actions
RaimondB/Detecticam:Travis CI,GitHub Actions
UpcraftLP/bluesky-post-bot:GitHub Actions
afgalvan/Tilia:GitHub Actions
vitaliy-bezugly/PropertySearch:GitHub Actions
BinaryStudioAcademy/bsa-2020-buildeR:GitHub Actions
tomkerkhove/containo-deprecated:Travis CI
fri-team/Swapify:Travis CI,GitHub Actions
teachmeskills-dotnet/TMS-DotNet02-Aslamov:GitHub Actions
pevel/f1wm:Travis CI
ArturWincenciak/confab:GitHub Actions
AlanEdward19/CFKA.Health.Train:GitHub Actions
codacy/codacy-sonar-csharp:Circle CI,GitHub Actions
iamstan13y/fomalhaut-microservices:GitHub Actions
Kaliumhexacyanoferrat/GenHTTP.Gateway:GitHub Actions
Sefikcan/Kanbersky.Customer:Jenkins
philipp-meier/Edap:GitHub Actions
thankifi/thankifi:GitHub Actions
MattJeanes/SystemChecker:Travis CI
codeBestard/DDD_Layers_DotNET_Core:Travis CI,Circle CI
i-moonlight/Air_Team:GitHub Actions
mthalman/docker-creds-provider:GitHub Actions
dogger/app.dogger.io:GitHub Actions
Taku3939/LiveCSharp:GitHub Actions
realwoopee/multi-purpose-tg-bot:GitHub Actions
superwalnut/redis-cluster-dotnet-core-template:GitHub Actions
BlankFoxGirl/cardinal:GitHub Actions
chtz/simplistic-dotnet-cf:GitHub Actions
gritcsenko/HomeInventory:GitHub Actions
mannkind/seattlewaste2mqtt:GitHub Actions
philipp-meier/tile-server:GitHub Actions
yetanotherchris/letmein:Travis CI
dhedegaard/todo:Travis CI
lmiedzinski/2getherboards.app:GitHub Actions
basharovi/Simple-GraphQL-Server-App:Circle CI
hjerpbakk/jekyll-yaml-front-matter-analyser:GitHub Actions
awesomedev08/asp.net-react-clone-twitter:GitHub Actions
SonnyRR/nuke-docker-github-registry:GitHub Actions
semfive/fplms-server:GitHub Actions
Lev4and/HeadHunterAggregator:GitHub Actions
FrancoMelandri/yase:Travis CI
yoyomooc/BlazorDemo:GitHub Actions
DaniloSI/Agenda-Medica-Old:Travis CI
SherApp/Sher:GitHub Actions
gainorloss/Dnc.Core:GitHub Actions
andersmandersen/harbor:GitHub Actions
w00lfer/LeagueOfStats:GitHub Actions
sixeyed/petshopvnext:GitHub Actions
mannkind/litterrobot2mqtt:GitHub Actions
NetbootCommunity/MicroAutomation-Licensing:GitHub Actions
zakariamaaraki/Problem-Solving-Platform:GitHub Actions
phmatray/MasterCommander:GitHub Actions
ThiagoBarradas/dotnet-core-webapi-with-docker-demo:AppVeyor
edpelaezc/netcore:GitHub Actions
AiursoftWeb/Manhours:GitLab CI
aslamovyura/OpenDiary:GitHub Actions
zakariamaaraki/Typeahead-Search-Engine:GitHub Actions
AdemCatamak/ReadingIsGood:GitHub Actions
mannkind/mysensorsbootloader2mqtt:GitHub Actions
Zevere/WebAPI-Borzoo:Travis CI
LeRon1605/ICode:Circle CI
hidayatarg/AspnetMicroservices:GitHub Actions
ovation22/Api.Project.Template:GitHub Actions
rosenbjerg/recreate-sln-structure:GitHub Actions
binn/haruna:Travis CI
Velociraptor45/Xipona:GitHub Actions
DaeguDev/MeowRun:GitHub Actions
trenz-gmbh/trenz-docs-api:GitHub Actions
YellowLineParking/Appy.Configuration:GitHub Actions
laurentkempe/dockerWebApi:GitHub Actions
gumberss/FinanceControlinator:GitHub Actions
shunjid/routine-explorer:GitHub Actions
Recorder-moe/LivestreamRecorderService:GitHub Actions
AngeloDotNet/GestioneSagreWeb:GitHub Actions
tchelidze/Locker.Api:GitHub Actions
behdad088/AspnetCoreMicroservices-Eshop:GitHub Actions
linus-berg/APC:GitHub Actions
jefersonsv/getip:AppVeyor
fatihyildirim1o/aspnet-clean-architecture:GitHub Actions
biplovkc/PaymentGateway:GitHub Actions
rsemihkoca/ExpenseManagementApp:GitHub Actions
jpcarpanezi/houston:GitHub Actions
mkovachev/Pazar:Jenkins
cum-foundations/tdpdne-telegram-bot:GitHub Actions
aishang2015/SnippetAdmin:GitHub Actions
phenixdotnet/NuGetLite.Server:Travis CI,AppVeyor
michalchecinski/load-balancer:Travis CI
codacy/codacy-metrics-sonar-csharp:Circle CI,GitHub Actions
mannkind/wsdot2mqtt:GitHub Actions
jokk-itu/BookVacation:GitHub Actions
JerryBian/swan:GitHub Actions
KNPhilip/BidWheels:GitHub Actions
amg262/AuctionNext:GitHub Actions
guigarciaa/sample-crud-aspnet:GitHub Actions
jeremymaya/herokufy-more:GitHub Actions
andrrff/BugSearch:GitHub Actions
MaciekWin3/Whale:GitHub Actions
lreimer/cloud-native-basta17:Travis CI
niklr/animated-medical-imaging:AppVeyor
yoldascevik/eCareer:GitHub Actions
AleksandrFurmenkovOfficial/TelegramChatGPT:GitHub Actions
DNIStream/dni.website:GitHub Actions
vtrifonov-esfiddle/aspnet-spa-starter:GitHub Actions
igortessaro/the-best-team:GitHub Actions
anton-kharchenko/aspnet-microservices:GitHub Actions
nordseth/Nibbler:GitHub Actions
winstxnhdw/rc15-hax:GitHub Actions
soroushkavousi/fireplace-api:GitHub Actions
Henkoglobin/WebHookBin:GitHub Actions
SeoulSKY/Desdemona:GitHub Actions
osya/ASPNetCoreAngular2Payments:Travis CI,AppVeyor
NetbootCommunity/Ocelot-Provider-Docker:GitHub Actions
vladperchi/InmoIT:GitHub Actions
alanmacgowan/WebApplication.Core:GitHub Actions
aannenko/CrackSharp:GitHub Actions
SportNite/SportNiteServer:GitHub Actions
Gaaaabor/Gaaaabor.Akka.Discovery.Docker:GitHub Actions
midas95/ASP-sports-betting:Travis CI
Tangtang1997/IKunLibrary:GitHub Actions
mekkl/dotnet-starter-template:GitHub Actions
Kingmidas74/WebAPILight:GitHub Actions
kane-armstrong/simple-adventure:GitHub Actions
Totodore/automate-sender:GitHub Actions
magicxor/BitTorrentAnonymizer:GitHub Actions
lucasdemoraesc/MaximaTech.DotnetChallenge:GitHub Actions
viktorsbcs/dotnet-maui-microservices-application:GitHub Actions
elky84/lol-crawler:GitHub Actions
hackuna/one-cloud-s3-api:GitHub Actions
nager/Nager.CertificateManagement:GitHub Actions
ABouveron/keygen-licensing-csharp:GitHub Actions
zakariabijoy/Reactivities:GitHub Actions
syncromatics/LclDckr:Travis CI
shirhatti/RegistryClient:AppVeyor
Caleb9/downloader:GitHub Actions
MikhailMasny/short-link-telegram-bot:GitHub Actions
rodrigo11spbr/Anbima:GitHub Actions
ExtraHot/user-app:GitHub Actions
SaenthanP/Social-Media:GitHub Actions
EdiWang/Jerry:GitHub Actions
AngeloDotNetArchive/SagreEventi.SQLServer:GitHub Actions
0x00405A00/jellyfish-backend-ddd:GitHub Actions
IvanJosipovic/ACR-SyncTool:GitHub Actions
CplNathan/SurePet2Google-Public:GitHub Actions
felipecruz91/twitter-analytics-pi:Travis CI
geekymon2/CarFinder:GitHub Actions
eduardo-paes/GPIC.Backend:GitHub Actions
gustmrg/rinha-backend-api-2023-q3:GitHub Actions
sk-shahnawaz/aspdotnet-template:GitHub Actions
JamieMagee/hoist:GitHub Actions
stphnwlsh/CleanWebApi:GitHub Actions
vincent-scw/sjz:Travis CI
kacperwyczawski/sigma-cars:GitHub Actions
ivanenkomaksym/dotnet-messagebroker-demo:GitHub Actions
GyrosWorkshop/Wukong:Travis CI
sero-dev/job-hunt:GitHub Actions
pedrior/eventify-api:GitHub Actions
KonH/UnityCiPipeline:Travis CI
kwetterr/user-service:GitHub Actions
captivereality/imagize:GitHub Actions
quilin/dm:GitHub Actions
marcelopbg/ShareMyPaper:GitHub Actions
hjerpbakk/aspnet-core-github-actions-demo:GitHub Actions
ArturWincenciak/Blef:GitHub Actions
MRmlik12/DCR:GitHub Actions
arjunraghurama/pacs-data-migration-tool:GitHub Actions
tipalol/GrafanaAlerts:GitHub Actions
BinaryStudioAcademy/bsa-winter21-22-codi:GitHub Actions
kdcllc/AppAuthentication:GitHub Actions
kevinbevers/ip-s3-snl-microservices:GitHub Actions
adansklevanskis/Localiza.Booking:GitHub Actions
Hephaestots/hrvy.cshare:GitHub Actions
thinkco/docker-ocelot:GitLab CI
TomaszKandula/TokanPages:GitHub Actions
upen-source/Nginx.Template:GitHub Actions
VMelnalksnis/Testcontainers:GitHub Actions
bervProject/SimplePasswordManagerService:GitHub Actions
pasindu-pr/florage-store-microservices:GitHub Actions
JamieMagee/stethoscope:GitHub Actions
Matozap/Location-Microservice:GitHub Actions
laurentkempe/containerPlayground:GitHub Actions
maxnatamo/arrexporter:GitHub Actions
ArttuKuikka/Kisa-Kuikka:GitHub Actions
FIPost/package-service:GitHub Actions
duzgunberke/MakeEvents:GitHub Actions
k8sdash/k8s-dashboard-api:GitHub Actions
iAmBipinPaul/AspNetCoreDevOps:GitHub Actions
RahulMule/ContactsApp_DotNetRestAPI:GitHub Actions
danmgs/WebApi.Swagger.QuickStart:Travis CI
correia97/ServiceComunication:GitHub Actions
arumie/ai-testimonials:GitHub Actions
szerookii/MinecraftSymbols:GitHub Actions
Leo-Corporation/Xalyus-Updater:GitHub Actions
AGC007/SMS-Bomber-v2--Csharp:GitHub Actions